# libstructs

Cross-platform C99 implementation of classic data structures.

### Table of Contents

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Building](#building)
  * [Dependencies](#dependencies)
  * [Build Scripts](#build-scripts)
  * [Binaries](#binaries)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [Future Plans](#future-plans)

---

### Overview

libstructs is a cross-platform implementation of classic data structures written in C99:

* Variable-length array
* Circular buffer
* Map (unordered)
* **TODO**:
  * Map (ordered)
  * Hashmap
  * N-ary tree
  * Adjacency graph

Structures are contained within their respective typedefs, and are queriable via relevant function calls. Data is stored on the heap and requires only the `stdlib.h` and `string.h` standard library headers.

### Building

##### Dependencies

Building this project requires the following dependencies:

* CMake (>= version 3.10)
* gcc (std=c99)
* binutils

Building and running tests for this project optionally requires the following dependencies:

* Boost.TEST
* CTest (bundled with CMake)

##### Build Configuration

Following standard CMake conventions, libstructs can be built using the following commands:

```
mkdir -p build && cd build
cmake ..
make
```

##### Binaries

After building the project, testing binaries will be located in the `build/tests/` subdirectory. The library file, `libstructs.a`, is in the `build/src` directory.

### Usage

Documentation for this project has been generated by Doxygen and can be found on the [GitHub Pages](https://bdreece.github.io/libstructs/) for c-structs.

### Credits

Big thanks to me for dedicating time to this. Hopefully I find some use out of it. Probably gonna pick a license soon just cause.

### Future Plans

I'm gonna need to add some modularity to the CMakeLists that come with this repo, so that users may link static libraries containing only the data structures desired. Also need to implement the aforementioned data structures listed in the [overview](#overview).
